c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\webservice02\webservice02\obj\Debug\webservice02.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\webservice02\webservice02\bin\webservice02.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\webservice02\webservice02\bin\webservice02.pdb
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\webservice02\webservice02\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\webservice02\webservice02\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\webservice02\webservice02\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\webservice02\webservice02\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\webservice02\webservice02\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\webservice02\webservice02\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\webservice02\webservice02\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\webservice02\webservice02\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\webservice02\webservice02\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\webservice02\webservice02\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\webservice02\webservice02\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\webservice02\webservice02\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\webservice02\webservice02\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\webservice02\webservice02\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\webservice02\webservice02\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\webservice02\webservice02\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\webservice02\webservice02\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\webservice02\webservice02\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\webservice02\webservice02\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\webservice02\webservice02\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\webservice02\webservice02\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\webservice02\webservice02\bin\es\EntityFramework.resources.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\webservice02\webservice02\bin\es\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\webservice02\webservice02\bin\es\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\webservice02\webservice02\bin\es\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\webservice02\webservice02\bin\es\System.Web.Providers.resources.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\webservice02\webservice02\bin\es\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\webservice02\webservice02\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\webservice02\webservice02\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\webservice02\webservice02\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\webservice02\webservice02\obj\Debug\webservice02.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\webservice02\webservice02\obj\Debug\webservice02.pdb
